what what is there to know you want to
know about the worst day of my life you
want me to take you from beginning to
end of one of the worst days I've ever
had in my life
what do you think I go out there and I
lost extras in title I went out there
and I didn't get any briefcases I got I
got beat up a little bit my nose hurts
my nose might be broken right now this
one the worst days of my life why do you
want to hear about it why would I want
to tell you about it and relive it I
don't want to okay you know that you'll
find it again but it's unsure in the
process uncomfortable hey what do you
mean so I like the way you put that like
I lost my wallet
and I'm gonna find it like the
extraversion title is my X Division
title and I'm gonna get it back that's
right I do have a rematch clause I'm
gonna keep that right here I'm not gonna
forget that Austin Aries better not
forget that Velvet Sky is not going to
cost me the title this time it's just
not going to happen she's going to be in
her place
I'm gonna be the man in the ring and I'm
going to be the star of the show just
like always
what do you mean if it doesn't go down
like that why wouldn't it why wouldn't
it huh what way is it going to go down
what are you a closet Austin Aries fan
is that what it is are you trying to rub
it in my face that I lost and cheer for
Aries what were you one of those fans
out there chanting Ares you're starting
to make me sick well maybe it will what
if it does what if it does work out my
way what then huh
what then you'll screw this I'm done
talking